docs: add onboarding ambassadors guide (#1641)
asyncapi/community: onboarding_asyncapi_ambassador.md

# Async API Onboarding Ambassador Guide
Welcome to the AsyncAPI Ambassador Team! 

We are happy you chose to join the ambassador team in making valuable contributions to promote Async API.

> Your tenure as an ambassador begins on the date you were accepted. If you were accepted as an ambassador on the 11th of January 2025 by 10th January 2026, your tenure would have expired then we would review your performance so far to determine if you can proceed again as an ambassador.

Reviewer: Another question is whether all applications are valid for 1 year only and then re-evaluated? 

```suggestion
Your tenure as an ambassador begins on the date you are accepted. For example, if you were accepted as an ambassador on January 11, 2025, your tenure would end on January 10, 2026. At the end of your tenure, we will review your performance to determine if you can continue as an ambassador.
```

> As an ambassador, you are expected to make a minimum of 4 contributions in a year. This could be either in the form of articles, talks, videos, podcasts, driving initiatives, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an ambassador, you are expected to make a minimum of four contributions per year. Contributions can include articles, talks, videos, podcasts, driving initiatives, and more.
```

> - Articles, videos, and podcasts can be published on the AsyncAPI blog or other platforms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Articles, videos, and podcasts can be published on the [AsyncAPI blog ](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog) or other platforms.
```

> - Talks and presentations should focus primarily on AsyncAPI.

Reviewer 2: Please add emphasis on the fact that we don't allow presentations for marketing tools or other products

> - The articles, videos, and podcasts you make can be published on the Async API blog or other blogs.
> - Talks and presentations mainly focused on Async API.
> - Contributions to improve the community visibility.
> - Booth volunteering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Articles, videos, and podcasts can be published on the AsyncAPI blog or other platforms.
- Talks and presentations should focus primarily on AsyncAPI.
- Contributions to improve the visibility of the community.
- Volunteering at booths during events.
```

> Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples:
```

> - If you publish 3 articles and propel 1 initiative about Async API in eight months, then you would become an ambassador for a whole year.
> - If you make 1 presentation, write 2 articles, and propel 1 initiative, then you would become an ambassador for a year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you publish three articles and propel one initiative about AsyncAPI in eight months, you will become an ambassador for the whole year.
- If you make one presentation, write two articles, and propel one initiative about AsyncAPI, you will become an ambassador for the whole year.
```

### Ambassador duties

> These are your expected duties as an ambassador;

Reviewer: Redundant, it's clear from the section title

```suggestion
```

> - Be in tune with Async API mission and values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Be in tune with AsyncAPI's mission and values.
```

- Always respect the [code of conduct](https://github.com/asyncapi/.github/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
- Be active in your role as an ambassador.

### Ambassador benefits
- Invitation to [AsyncAPI Initiative organization](https://github.com/orgs/asyncapi/people).

> - A special swag pack for Ambassadors (valued at approximately $150, including shipping).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A special swag pack for Ambassadors.
```

> - Swag for conference or workshop participants (valued at approximately $70, including shipping).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> - Receive a special swag pack for Ambassadors (valued at $150 approx., including shipping cost).
> - Receive swag for conference or workshop participants (valued at $70 approx., including shipping cost).
> - Free entry to AsyncAPI conferences.
> - Community-wide recognition.
> - All our respects for your contribution!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A special swag pack for Ambassadors (valued at approximately $150, including shipping).
- Swag for conference or workshop participants (valued at approximately $70, including shipping).
- Free entry to AsyncAPI conferences.
- Community-wide recognition.
- Our sincere gratitude and respect for your contributions!
```

# Onboarding Guide for AsyncAPI Ambassadors
Welcome to the AsyncAPI Ambassador Program! 

We are happy you chose to join the ambassador program in making valuable contributions to promote AsyncAPI.

> Your tenure as an ambassador begins on the date you are accepted. For example, if you were accepted as an ambassador on January 11, 2025, your tenure would end on January 10, 2026. At the end of your tenure, we will review your performance to determine if you can continue as an ambassador.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Your tenure as an ambassador begins on the date you are accepted and shall be renewed annually. For example, if you were accepted as an ambassador on January 11, 2025, your tenure would end on January 10, 2026. At the end of your tenure, we will review your performance to determine if you can continue as an ambassador.
```

As an ambassador, you are expected to make a minimum of four contributions per year. Contributions can include articles, talks, videos, podcasts, driving initiatives, and more.

> - Articles, videos, and podcasts can be published on the [AsyncAPI blog](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog) or other platforms.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Articles, videos, and podcasts can be published on the [AsyncAPI blog](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog) or other platforms. Please note that we do not encourage blogs or articles that promote/market certain other products or tools.
```
